<Armored Core VI: Fires of Rubicon>, a 2023 mecha-based vehicular combat game, was developed by FromSoftware and published by Bandai Namco Entertainment.
<Armored Core VI: Fires of Rubicon>, a reboot and the first in the Armored Core series since Armored Core: Verdict Day in 2013, was released for PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Windows, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X/S.
<Armored Core VI: Fires of Rubicon> emphasizes mecha-based vehicular combat, where players control strong mechs known as Armored Cores. The game offers significant flexibility for mech customization, enhancing combat capabilities. Players can arm their mechs with an array of weapons, with slots available on each arm and the mech's back, providing strategic freedom in combat. The arena concept from previous games appears through a "combat aptitude evaluation program," where players can compete and earn upgrades.
Notably, <Armored Core VI: Fires of Rubicon> discarded the debt system from earlier series entries, allowing players to attempt missions without currency loss.
<Armored Core VI: Fires of Rubicon> is set in a future interstellar civilization on Rubicon 3, where a substance called Coral, both an energy source and data conduit, caused a cataclysmic event, the Fires of Ibis. The player, an augmented human called "C4-621" and later known by the callsign "Raven," fights as an Armored Core pilot as an independent mercenary sub-contracted on a per-mission basis to several factions warring for control of the planet's Coral.
Development of <Armored Core VI: Fires of Rubicon> was mentioned by FromSoftware's president Hidetaka Miyazaki in 2016, with formal announcement at The Game Awards 2022. 
Directed by Masaru Yamamura, Kota Hoshino composed the game's music, aiming to evoke a sense of loneliness and nostalgia to bolster the setting and themes of the Armored Core franchise and, specifically, the tone of <Armored Core VI: Fires of Rubicon>. 
<Armored Core VI: Fires of Rubicon> received "generally favorable" reviews, praised for its engaging gameplay and narrative depth.
The massive push FromSoftware received from not only creating the genre-defining Souls series, but from releasing the critically acclaimed <Elden Ring>, allowed them to reach far more people with the newest entry to their mecha-combat series - a genre that is typically quite niche.